# IDO (Initial DAO offering)

* **Token Disclaimer**: While a Token, due to the architecture of P2P-systems, may be traded on DEX exchanges and/or other resources by any Project actor, a Token is not an investment, currency, security, commodity; nor is an exchange of Token an exchange of currency, securities and/or commodities and/or any other financial instrument (the exchange process of such instrument), because the Token is an integral part of the Project, used in good faith by the actors of the Project to achieve an optimum level of transaction costs for those assets used by the actors of the Project through the Protocol and/or the Oracle and/or the Index. The token itself has no price unless it occurs in transactions between buyers and sellers, who are independent in their will and volition.
* **Disclosure on smart contracts**: The Project shall not be liable for any losses (real damages and/or lost profits) arising out of the operation of smart contracts of the Project itself and/or its constituent elements, and/or other related smart contracts, or the inability to use them, as it applies these technologies “as is”, i.e. through third party services under various open-source licenses.
* **Technology disclaimer in general**: The Project accepts no responsibility for the inoperability of the Site and/or the Project, and/or the Protocol and/or the Oracle, and/or the Index as these technologies are all based on open-source licenses, i.e. are provided “as is”.
* **Content Disclaimer**: The Project shall not be responsible for any links and/or other materials posted on the Site, the Application and/or even more so on third party resources, if such materials (links/content/other) are in any way dependent on a third party (hosting provider, domain name registrar, blog platform administrator, social network administrator, etc.).
* **Jurisdiction disclaimer**: Those citizens (residents) who may not acquire Token unless authorized by relevant regulator (SEC/MAS/NBK/etc.) must apply to relevant regulator with written request and obtain same written approval for Token acquisition. After that citizens (residents) must provide such approval to counterparty for Token transaction, and only after prior approval from counterparty the ones must acquire Token in free (public) market, because violation of this condition will automatically recognize violating party of this condition.
* **General disclaimer**: The project operates exclusively as a DAO and is only subject to the generally accepted principles and norms of international law, morality and ethics, which means that all disputes and/or disagreements can only be solved by applying the principles of decentralization and openness, and only through voluntary proceedings.

**IDO** is the third stage of project development. The first stage is Customer Development, the second is MVP and the third is the alpha version of the Protocol. Of course, this is not the end of the Project's evolution. Let's take a closer look at this.
